God, I have so many I want to write
no that i believe in god, but who knows. maybe in the future? but if god exists, he/she must believe in math.
- she accused me of only seeing other's bad, but herself? No improvement, none she can see on me. Only the "bad" ones count? I wish she had another stupid child, let her knows how lucky is for she to have me
- and her argueing techniques? If I am not being accused, I would say these are quite good and brilliant stategies when abusing others. But who can I abuse? my own children which I will never have one? Making up evidence, numbers that are 10 times than real, presuming others and accused me based on the groundless presumption. Being arrogant than any other people on earth, fixing only on her points and pays no regard to other people (e.g. me) sayings. and Once she found anything what I said that she could used it to her advantage and punish or accuse, she will talk incessantly, giving me no chance of explaining, defending myself and attacking her unsubstantiatac fucking accussations. Blaming everything on others and suspect everything, not that it will make any different, but i found that she is extremely good at using theses techniques to annoy others, making me disgusting and I can't even say anything because she would say that she didn't not mean that, it's my undestanding that makes me annoyed. she DOES meant it and we all know it, but i do agree that i should not take someone who is as insiginifianct as her's comments on me seirously. 
- She enjoys abusing me, mentally. I would rather she did it physically, at least I complain to others. But mentally, people would just say that I am weak and too susceptible to other's comments. I do agree to some extent, I shouldn't let it affect my so much. The only thing i should thank her is, when i grown up, I will be so used to these, and won't let it affect me
- she hold evidences, many, until there is fight. Her only intention is to turtoring me. She is mental. She enjoys when others succumb to her so called sceretly collected "evidence". she wants everyone to succumb to her, she cannot be wrong, she is always right, always on the moral high ground, blaming and accusing me because she is so right. She won't let you know you are doing somethogn she thinks is "wrong", something she is not approved of. she will hold onto the evidence, watching you do it again, 无动于衷, and collect the evidence again. Until, in a fight, reproaching you that you have done that "millions" of time. 
- I don't need a phychologist, I just need to leave her. I will get fame and wealth, and there is nothing do to wither her anymore. When I marry, my sister is the only person I would inform. When I suicide, my sister is the only person i will write my will to. She is no more than a stranger to me
- I do not hate her, she doesn't deversed it. people will only hate someone because they used to love them. nochalent will be my attitude. I can social in necessay circumstances with her, with polite and no geniun, which i believe she won't even notice and won't even mad. but i am fine with it, making her mad is not my purpose, i just want to have nothing to do with her. 
- I do not hope for people to love me completely, desperately until death anymore. my dear mother is a perfect example to show that I have wasted my trust. There will be no trust anymore
- My blog, is currently, the only thing that I will onpen completely, genuitly, with not secret, to. 

- be an egotisticcal utilitarian
- lessons learned: for someone who is in charge of you, now my mom, future my boss. just say yes, show no emotions, and let them take the consequences. responsibility is not something good. Do NOT share a thing about others with your mom again, surprise: she judged me because of this. Be neutral, on whatever things. Keep you opinion to YOURSELF.
- 